# Why-Should-You-Choose-Salesforce-
Do you have a clear idea of ​​Salesforce, what is it, or what does it do? Well, Salesforce is cloud-based CRM software, which helps companies streamline all dispersed business processes and grow in a more organized way. It has been available on the market since the late '90s and over time it has become one of the most complete, efficient, and creative CRM solutions, capable of meeting all the requirements of your business.  Reasons to choose Salesforce  Here is a list of the compelling reasons why this CRM solution is so popular these days and why it deserves your attention and attention.  > Cloud-based  In terms of flexibility, Salesforce would offer you higher-level benefits. Use it from anywhere, anytime! The advanced and secure cloud infrastructure of this CRM offers unique cloud solutions for marketing, sales, analytics, and support.  > Easily customizable  Do you want to add additional fields or modules to your CRM solution according to the expansion of the company? You can easily do all of these things with one click!  > Easy to use  Do you wonder how to work with this new CRM? Well, working with Salesforce is as simple as visiting a website. Just log in from anywhere, communicate with colleagues, update and view customer data anytime you prefer. Yes, it is very easy to handle.  Integration options  This CRM platform offers a robust and well-documented open API with which any virtual integration is possible.  In addition to all the key points mentioned above, with Salesforce you can gain the support of a diverse community, take advantage of the benefits of mobile CRM, which is very fashionable and one of the main requirements of the most changing companies. Get a trusted Salesforce partner and start boosting your business today!
